"MDCT OF THE NECK   History: A 58-year-old man, known case of nasopharyngeal cancer (T4N2M1) with lung metastasis   Technique: Post contrast enhanced axial scan of the neck using 1.0 mm slice thickness with 3.0 mm axial, coronal and sagittal reformation   Comparison: The prior CT of the neck taken on October 4, 2015   Findings:  	The current study reveals slight shrinkage but no significant change in extension of the preexisting ill-defined hypodense lesion with partial mild enhancement in some portions, epicenter at the left-sided nasopharynx. Extension of the lesion is described as follow;  ... Superior: No interval change of extension into the left foramen Ovale and left inferior orbital fissure. No significant change of few enhancing foci in the left inferior temporal lobe.  ... Anterior: Involvement of the left infratemporal fossa, left PPF, left retroantral space, and left masticator space. Erosion and sclerotic change of the left pterygoid bone and posterior wall of the left maxillary sinus, unchanged.  ... Postero-lateral: Involvement of the left carotid space, left parapharyngeal fat space, left parotid gland, left prevertebral space, left tympanic cavity, left TM joint, clivus, left petrous pyramid, left foramen lacerum, left jugular foramen, left hypoglossal canal, occipital condyle, left side of C1 arch and predental space. Encasement with obliteration of the proximal left internal jugular vein, unchanged. Again seen destruction with sclerotic change of the clivus and left petrous bone. No change of destruction with sclerotic change and deformity of the left mandibular condyle and neck. ... Medial: No definitely detectable residual mass in the right posterior nasopharyngeal wall.   	Increased degree of thickening of the enhancing nasopharyngeal mucosa is noted. There is newly seen heterogeneous enhancing infiltrative lesion involving the left nasopharyngeal roof, mid to superior parts of the left nasal cavity, left sphenopalatine foramen, left ethmoid sinus, left spheoethmoidal recess (SER), left osteomeatal unit (OMU), and superior part of the left maxillary sinus. It causes obstruction of the left SER, left OMU, and left nasofrontal duct. There are newly seen fluid and mucosal thickening in the left frontal, left ethmoid, left sphenoid, and left maxillary sinuses, suggestive of acute obstructive sinusitis. 	There is no change of fluid in the left mastoid air cells and middle ear cavity. The rest of paranasal sinuses, visualized orbits, and right mastoid air cells are unremarkable. No new lesion in the visualized brain is detected.  	There is no significant change in size of rim-enhancing node with calcified focus at the left level IB, now measuring about 0.6x0.5x0.8 cm in AP, transverse, and vertical dimensions, respectively. Multiple subcentimeter lymph nodes along bilateral level IA, IB, and II-V are unchanged.  	There is no significant change of enhancing mucosal swelling of the rest of pharynx and larynx, swelling of the epiglottis, diffuse subcutaneous fat reticulations as well as atrophy and heterogeneous enhancement of bilateral submandibular and parotid glands, indicating post treatment change.  	Bulging of the left true vocal cord is again seen, suggestive of true vocal cord paralysis.  	The visualized trachea and thyroid gland are unremarkable. 	There is still seen degenerative change of the cervical spine. Grade I retrolisthesis of C5 over C6 is again detected. Please see the chest CT report on the same date.   IMPRESSION:  - Increased thickening of the nasopharyngeal mucosa with newly seen enhancing infiltrative lesion involving the left nasopharyngeal roof, left nasal cavity, left sphenopalatine foramen, left ethmoid sinus, left SER, left OMU and left maxillary sinus, causing obstruction of the left SER, OMU and nasofrontal duct with newly seen acute obstructive sinusitis of the left frontal, ethmoid, sphenoid and maxillary sinuses. Findings are concerned with progression of tumor. Please correlate with clinical and direct visualization. - Slight shrinkage but no change in extension of the ill-defined hypodense lesion with partial mild enhancement at the left-sided nasopharynx with extension of the lesion and intracranial extension in the left inferior temporal lobe as described, suggestive of post treatment change plus residual tumor - No significant change in size of rim-enhancing node with calcified focus at the left level IB - Again seen evidence of post treatment change of the neck - Suggestive of left true vocal cord paralysis, unchanged - No change of fluid in the left mastoid air cells and middle ear cavity"